# Web-Design-II-Final-Project
#ITD 210 Final Project Portfolio
#Website Overview
This is a website created for local travel business owner Courtney Harding. The site aims to promote her business, L’Escape travel, and gain customer trust and confidence.  Courtney wanted the site to place emphasis on her passion for travel and convey professionalism to her clients. It should be distinct from her competitor site, lescapetravel.com. She has provided text excerpts for the different site pages. She has also provided a PDF form for clients to fill out. For my site, instead of using the PDF, I included a Google Forms page that I thought would be more accessible to potential clients. Images on the site came from Courtney and various artists from the website “Unsplash.com.” 
Some client requests were creating a “Meet Courtney” and “Covid-19” page that are separate from the homepage. The webpage also includes services provided by her agency, a start planning button, and customer reviews from Facebook.  All pages on the website are responsive across multiple device types.
Design Description
The client wanted a bright beachy website that was simple in design. The home page needed to include scenic vacation images/maps, the company logo, a small description about the company, a “Start Planning” button, and links to Facebook/Instagram posts. The color scheme includes warm browns, whites, and different shades of blue. The navigation links on the top of the page are for the Home, About Courtney, About Booking pages as well as the Reviews/Contact sections of the home page.  The footer of the page includes Courtney’s business information and a “Start Planning” button.
Technologies Used
For the image carousel, quote carousel, and navigation bar, Bootstrap Version 3.3.7 was used. The stylized fonts came from Google API and the name of the fonts can be found at the top of the CSS pages. The palm tree used on the homepage also came from a Google API and can be found in the index.html document. The form page was created with Google Forms. 
Configuration Information
Setting up a Google Form using a business email address is the primary action that the client needs to complete. The old form code would need to be deleted from the startplanning.html page and the new Form code put in its place. There are only two folders for this site, “img” and “css”.  The HTML documents are not in a folder.  

Hosting Information
Since the client has an Instagram and Facebook presence, the internet traffic gets split in a couple of directions. A shared server plan would be an excellent option for the L'escape Travel site. A private server is not recommended because the estimated user traffic is about 212 users per month. This estimation was calculated using the Google Analytics Local Business Study research report. The recommended Web Host and plan is DreamHost’s Shared Unlimited Plan. The benefits of this plan are a free domain name, is low cost ($35.40 for the first year), has unmetered bandwidth, and allows for unlimited traffic/SSD storage.
